First of all, on the resources tab, when I add a resource, there should be some regex validation that the resource should match the URL scheme, 
like http or https://, and then something, so that should be a valid URL to a resource. 

And then the next thing, just like tasks, I want to be able to filter them with the same left-hand side structure of category pickers. 
For now, I only want category pickers for people and for projects. And the logic should be just the same as on the tasks page, namely that when I select more than one person, then this becomes an OR filter. It shows things for both these people, but then if I have a person selected and a project, it only matches the resource if it both has tags for that specific person and for that project. In essence, the logic should be just the same as for tasks, which obviously points at: can we reuse some code there, of course without breaking anything on the tasks page? We maybe should have a good look at the tests also. 

And then whatever I have selected on the tasks page in terms of people or projects should be kept when I switch to the resources page, if I have also selected some goal or a place. It doesn't matter; when I visit the resources page, it just keeps the filters the same as I have for the tasks page. If I clear those filters on the resources page, those very ones which I have cleared on the resources page are then also cleared on the tasks page. When I have selected some place or goal on the task page and then I visit the categories page and then I come back, those never change. The only shared state between tasks and resources and shared is the right word. Maybe we should have a shared atom for this, these filters, so the shared things should be the people and project filters between the tasks and the resources page. 